Add documentation for pruning neural sparse vectors (#8984)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ingest-pipelines/processors/sparse-encoding.md

| Parameter  | Data type | Required/Optional  | Description  |
|:---|:---|:---|:---|
`model_id` | String | Required | The ID of the model that will be used to generate the embeddings. The model must be deployed in OpenSearch before it can be used in neural search. For more information, see [Using custom models within OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/using-ml-models/) and [Neural sparse search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/neural-sparse-search/).

> `prune_type` | String | Optional | The prune strategy for sparse vectors. Choose one value from `max_ratio`, `alpha_mass`, `top_k`, `abs_value` and `none`. Default value is `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prune_type` | String | Optional | The prune strategy for sparse vectors. Valid values are `max_ratio`, `alpha_mass`, `top_k`, `abs_value` and `none`. Default is `none`.
```

> `prune_ratio` | Float | Optional | The ratio for prune strategy. Once the `prune_type` is provided, `prune_ratio` field is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prune_ratio` | Float | Optional | The ratio for prune strategy. Required when `prune_type` is specified.
```

`field_map` | Object | Required | Contains key-value pairs that specify the mapping of a text field to a `rank_features` field.
`field_map.<input_field>` | String | Required | The name of the field from which to obtain text for generating vector embeddings.
`field_map.<vector_field>`  | String | Required | The name of the vector field in which to store the generated vector embeddings.
`description`  | String | Optional  | A brief description of the processor.  |
`tag` | String | Optional | An identifier tag for the processor. Useful for debugging to distinguish between processors of the same type. |
`batch_size` | Integer | Optional | Specifies the number of documents to be batched and processed each time. Default is `1`. |

> ### Sparse vectors prune

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pruning sparse vectors

```

> The token weights in sparse vectors exhibit a significant long-tail distribution, where tokens with lower semantic importance occupy a large portion of the storage space. Prune is to remove less-important tokens based on their weights. It trades some search relevance for much smaller index size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sparse vectors often have a long-tail distribution of token weights, with less important tokens occupying a significant amount of storage space. Pruning reduces index size by removing tokens with lower semantic importance, balancing a slight decrease in search relevance for a more compact index.
```

> The `sparse_encoding` processor can be used to prune sparse vectors by configuring `prune_type` and `prune_ratio` parameters. The following table lists the supported prune options for `sparse_encoding` processor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sparse_encoding` processor can be used to prune sparse vectors by configuring the `prune_type` and `prune_ratio` parameters. The following table lists the supported prune options for the `sparse_encoding` processor. 
```

| Prune type  | Valid prune ratio | Description  |
|:---|:---|:---|

> max_ratio | Float in [0, 1) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only elements whose values are within the prune_ratio of the max value in the vector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`max_ratio` | Float [0, 1) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only elements whose values are within the `prune_ratio` of the largest value in the vector.
```

> abs_value | Float in (0, +∞) | Prunes a sparse vector by removing elements with values below the prune_ratio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`abs_value` | Float (0, +∞) | Prunes a sparse vector by removing elements with values below the `prune_ratio`.
```

> alpha_mass | Float in [0, 1) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only elements whose cumulative sum of values is within the prune_ratio of the total sum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`alpha_mass` | Float [0, 1) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only elements whose cumulative sum of values is within the `prune_ratio` of the total sum.
```

> top_k | Integer in (0, +∞) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only the top prune_ratio elements with the highest values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`top_k` | Integer (0, +∞) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only the top `prune_ratio` elements with the highest values.
```

> none | - | Does nothing on sparse vectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
none | N/A | Leaves sparse vectors unchanged.
```

> Among all prune options, the combination of (`max_ratio`, 0.1) demonstrates great generalization on test datasets. Which saves around 40% storage at a cost of <1% search relevance loss. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among all pruning options, specifying `max_ratio` equal to `0.1` shows strong generalization on test datasets. This approach reduces storage requirements by approximately 40% while incurring less than a 1% loss in search relevance.
```

| Parameter  | Data type | Required/Optional  | Description  |
|:---|:---|:---|:---|
`model_id` | String | Required | The ID of the model that will be used to generate the embeddings. The model must be deployed in OpenSearch before it can be used in neural search. For more information, see [Using custom models within OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/using-ml-models/) and [Neural sparse search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/neural-sparse-search/).

> `prune_type` | String | Optional | The prune strategy for sparse vectors. Valid values are `max_ratio`, `alpha_mass`, `top_k`, `abs_value` and `none`. Default is `none`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`prune_type` | String | Optional | The prune strategy for sparse vectors. Valid values are `max_ratio`, `alpha_mass`, `top_k`, `abs_value`, and `none`. Default is `none`.
```

> `prune_ratio` | Float | Optional | The ratio for prune strategy. Required when `prune_type` is specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`prune_ratio` | Float | Optional | The ratio for the prune strategy. Required when `prune_type` is specified.
```

`field_map` | Object | Required | Contains key-value pairs that specify the mapping of a text field to a `rank_features` field.
`field_map.<input_field>` | String | Required | The name of the field from which to obtain text for generating vector embeddings.
`field_map.<vector_field>`  | String | Required | The name of the vector field in which to store the generated vector embeddings.
`description`  | String | Optional  | A brief description of the processor.  |
`tag` | String | Optional | An identifier tag for the processor. Useful for debugging to distinguish between processors of the same type. |
`batch_size` | Integer | Optional | Specifies the number of documents to be batched and processed each time. Default is `1`. |

### Pruning sparse vectors

> Sparse vectors often have a long-tail distribution of token weights, with less important tokens occupying a significant amount of storage space. Pruning reduces index size by removing tokens with lower semantic importance, balancing a slight decrease in search relevance for a more compact index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A sparse vector often has a long-tail distribution of token weights, with less important tokens occupying a significant amount of storage space. Pruning reduces the size of an index by removing tokens with lower semantic importance, yielding a slight decrease in search relevance in exchange for a more compact index.
```

> The `sparse_encoding` processor can be used to prune sparse vectors by configuring the `prune_type` and `prune_ratio` parameters. The following table lists the supported prune options for the `sparse_encoding` processor. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `sparse_encoding` processor can be used to prune sparse vectors by configuring the `prune_type` and `prune_ratio` parameters. The following table lists the supported pruning options for the `sparse_encoding` processor. 
```

> | Prune type  | Valid prune ratio | Description  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Pruning type  | Valid pruning ratio | Description  |
```

|:---|:---|:---|
`max_ratio` | Float [0, 1) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only elements whose values are within the `prune_ratio` of the largest value in the vector.

> abs_value | Float in (0, +∞) | Prunes a sparse vector by removing elements with values below the prune_ratio.

Reviewer 2: "below" => "lower than"?

alpha_mass | Float in [0, 1) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only elements whose cumulative sum of values is within the prune_ratio of the total sum.

> `top_k` | Integer (0, +∞) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only the top `prune_ratio` elements with the highest values.

Reviewer 2: Can "top" be safely removed here (are "top" and "highest values" redundant)?

Reviewer: It's better to remove "highest values".

> `top_k` | Integer (0, +∞) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only the top `prune_ratio` elements with the highest values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`top_k` | Integer (0, +∞) | Prunes a sparse vector by keeping only the top `prune_ratio` elements.
```

none | N/A | Leaves sparse vectors unchanged.

> Among all pruning options, specifying `max_ratio` equal to `0.1` shows strong generalization on test datasets. This approach reduces storage requirements by approximately 40% while incurring less than a 1% loss in search relevance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Among all pruning options, specifying `max_ratio` as equal to `0.1` demonstrates strong generalization on test datasets. This approach reduces storage requirements by approximately 40% while incurring less than a 1% loss in search relevance.
```
